Articles mentioning 'boreal', 'temperate', or 'coniferous' in the abstract (excluding those with 'tropical'):
1. Improved estimation of aboveground biomass of regional coniferous forests integrating UAV-LiDAR strip data, Sentinel-1 and Sentinel-2 imageries
2. Geostatistical estimation of forest biomass in interior Alaska combining Landsat-derived tree cover, sampled airborne lidar and field observations
3. Comparative Analysis of Remote Sensing and Geo-Statistical Techniques to Quantify Forest Biomass
4. Estimation of Forest Aboveground Biomass of Two Major Conifers in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan, from PALSAR-2 and Sentinel-2 Data
5. Improved k-NN Mapping of Forest Attributes in Northern Canada Using Spaceborne L-Band SAR, Multispectral and LiDAR Data
6. Improved Object-Based Estimation of Forest Aboveground Biomass by Integrating LiDAR Data from GEDI and ICESat-2 with Multi-Sensor Images in a Heterogeneous Mountainous Region
7. Evaluation of machine learning methods and multi-source remote sensing data combinations to construct forest above-ground biomass models
8. Mapping the spatial pattern of temperate forest above ground biomass by integrating airborne LiDAR with Radarsat-2 imagery via geostatistical models
9. The uncertainty of biomass estimates from LiDAR and SAR across a boreal forest structure gradient
10. Estimating aboveground biomass and forest canopy cover with simulated ICESat-2 data
11. Remote sensing of boreal forest biophysical and inventory parameters: a review
12. Forest biomass and volume estimation using airborne LiDAR in a cool-temperate forest of northern Hokkaido, Japan
13. Spatially Continuous Mapping of Forest Canopy Height in Canada by Combining GEDI and ICESat-2 with PALSAR and Sentinel
14. TomoSense: A unique 3D dataset over temperate forest combining multi-frequency mono- and bi-static tomographic SAR with terrestrial, UAV and airborne lidar, and in-situ forest census
15. Quantifying Boreal Forest Structure and Composition Using UAV Structure from Motion
16. Supervised Segmentation of Ultra-High-Density Drone Lidar for Large-Area Mapping of Individual Trees
17. Stratified aboveground forest biomass estimation by remote sensing data
18. Modelling forest canopy height by integrating airborne LiDAR samples with satellite Radar and multispectral imagery
19. Estimating Forest Biomass Dynamics by Integrating Multi-Temporal Landsat Satellite Images with Ground and Airborne LiDAR Data in the Coal Valley Mine, Alberta, Canada
20. Mapping vegetation height and identifying the northern forest limit across Canada using ICESat-2, Landsat time series and topographic data
21. Regional aboveground forest biomass using airborne and spaceborne LiDAR in Quebec
22. Monitoring Spatiotemporal Variation of Individual Tree Biomass Using Multitemporal LiDAR Data
23. Large-area mapping of Canadian boreal forest cover, height, biomass and other structural attributes using Landsat composites and lidar plots
24. Lidar-based estimates of aboveground biomass in the continental US and Mexico using ground, airborne, and satellite observations
25. Determining maximum entropy in 3D remote sensing height distributions and using it to improve aboveground biomass modelling via stratification
26. Predicting forest height using the GOST, Landsat 7 ETM+, and airborne LiDAR for sloping terrains in the Greater Khingan Mountains of China
27. Patterns of canopy and surface layer consumption in a boreal forest fire from repeat airborne lidar
28. Geostatistical modeling using LiDAR-derived prior knowledge with SPOT-6 data to estimate temperate forest canopy cover and above-ground biomass via stratified random sampling
29. A Forest Attribute Mapping Framework: A Pilot Study in a Northern Boreal Forest, Northwest Territories, Canada
30. A spatially comprehensive canopy cover dataset derived from NASA's ice, cloud and land elevation satellite-2 (ICESat-2) for the state of Alabama, USA
31. Investigating the agreement between global canopy height maps and airborne Lidar derived height estimates over Canada
32. Integration of tree-ring data, Landsat time series, and ALS-derived topographic variables to quantify growth declines in black spruce
33. Estimating Crown Biomass in a Multilayered Fir Forest Using Airborne LiDAR Data
34. Review on the Possibilities of Mapping Old-Growth Temperate Forests by Remote Sensing in Europe
35. How to integrate remotely sensed data and biodiversity for ecosystem assessments at landscape scale
36. Peatland leaf-area index and biomass estimation with ultra-high resolution remote sensing
37. Developing nondestructive species-specific tree allometry with terrestrial laser scanning
38. High spatial resolution three-dimensional mapping of vegetation spectral dynamics using computer vision
39. Machine Learning Techniques for Tree Species Classification Using Co-Registered LiDAR and Hyperspectral Data
40. Estimating the Aboveground Carbon Density of Coniferous Forests by Combining Airborne LiDAR and Allometry Models at Plot Level
41. Estimating Biophysical Parameters of Individual Trees in an Urban Environment Using Small Footprint Discrete-Return Imaging Lidar
42. The use of waveform lidar to measure northern temperate mixed conifer and deciduous forest structure in New Hampshire
43. Model-assisted estimation of change in forest biomass over an 11 year period in a sample survey supported by airborne LiDAR: A case study with post-stratification to provide "activity data"

Total articles: 43